Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.
Believe you can and you're halfway there.
Dream big and dare to fail.
What we think, we become.
Turn your wounds into wisdom.
Everything you can imagine is real.
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow is our doubts of today.
Life is short, and it is up to you to make it sweet.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal.
It always seems impossible until it’s done.
Happiness depends upon ourselves.
Whatever you are, be a good one.
Act as if what you do makes a difference.
Don’t wait. The time will never be just right.
You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take.
The best way to predict the future is to invent it.
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.
In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity.
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.
Great things never came from comfort zones.
Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can.
Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it.
If you can dream it, you can do it.
Stay hungry, stay foolish.
Wherever you go, go with all your heart.
What you do today can improve all your tomorrows.
No pressure, no diamonds.
Action is the foundational key to all success.
Turn obstacles into opportunities.
Make each day your masterpiece.
Doubt kills more dreams than failure ever will.
Don’t stop until you’re proud.
Be the change you wish to see in the world.
Think big and don’t listen to people who tell you it can't be done.
Small steps in the right direction turn out to be the biggest steps of your life.
Don’t limit your challenges — challenge your limits.
Every moment is a fresh beginning.
Nothing will work unless you do.
Failure is another stepping stone to greatness.
Don’t let yesterday take up too much of today.
Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication.
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.
The purpose of our lives is to be happy.
Light tomorrow with today.
The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step.
The best time for new beginnings is now.
Life is what happens when you're busy making other plans.
Do what you love, love what you do.
Never regret anything that made you smile.
